I thought it was for the sake of the marriage contract
Thinking that even if you don't have the ability anymore
I can still give you a chance
Let you be the follow-up of my Shen family
I didn't expect you to win my favor
No face at all
How dare you lie to us Cai Yao
All I'm saying is true enough
First, take out the fake exotic beast order
After that, he kept saying that it was given to you by the god of war Qin
What kind of character is the god of war Qin?
How could he have anything to do with someone like you?
Take your marriage certificate and leave our Shen family
You want to divorce me?
The so-called Dragon Step and Snake Residence
I was meant to be like
A character like Qin Zhanshen
And my future husband
Even if it is not as good as Qin Zhanshen
At least with the Xiaoxiang generals under the Qin War God
same name
My Shen family is about to become a first-class family
And you are nothing more than a family wife
Don't deserve to be in front of me
God of War Xiaoxiang Slash General
Did you know
Before I came to the Shen family
Qin Jin once took the initiative to visit for the first time
To be able to marry me
It's me to fulfill the engagement
Rejected him without hesitation
Hahahaha
I said, how dare you brag?
He actually said that he rejected the marriage contract of the God of War